[MKC-667]benjamindannegard/nano33 TF tutorial update (#556)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/03.nano/boards/nano-33-ble-sense/tutorials/get-started-with-machine-learning/get-started-with-machine-learning.md

## Goals 
- Learn the fundamentals of TinyML implementation and training.
- Use the [Arduino_LSM9DS1](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/ArduinoLSM9DS1) and [TensorFlow Lite Micro Library for Arduino](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples) libraries

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

***This tutorial was tested with [this version of the TensorFlow Lite Micro Library](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples/archive/4056e5f13aafb4dd3eda46cec273133a1d5e9593.zip).***

```

![Install Nano BLE board](assets/BoardsManager.png)

> **2.** Also, let's make sure we have all the libraries we need installed. If we are using the online IDE, there is no need to install anything. If we are using the offline IDE, this can be done by navigating to **Tools > Manage libraries...**, search for **Arduino:LSM9DS1**, and install it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.** Also, let's make sure we have the **Arduino_LSM9DS1** library installed. If we are using the online IDE, it is pre-installed. If we are using the offline IDE, this can be done by navigating to **Tools > Manage libraries...**, search for **Arduino_LSM9DS1**, and install it. 
```

The previous wording made it sound like step (3) could be skipped if using Arduino Web Editor.

I also propose a correction of a pre-existing error in the library name (it is "Arduino_LSM9DS1", not "Arduino:LSM9DS1", and you won't get any results from the search for the incorrect name).

![Install the necessary libraries](assets/libManager.png)

> **3.** Lastly the [TensorFlow Lite Micro Library for Arduino](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples) needs to be installed. You can find the installation instructions on the libraries github page [here](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples#how-to-install).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**3.** Lastly the [TensorFlow Lite Micro Library for Arduino](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples) needs to be installed. You can find the installation instructions on the library's GitHub page [here](https://github.com/tensorflow/tflite-micro-arduino-examples#how-to-install).
```

Minor grammar fix
